docs: Document save-time link validation for Emails (#820)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/channels/emails.rst

   Use ``data-mautic-disable-tracking="true"`` for all new Emails and templates, as Mautic has deprecated the ``mautic:disable:tracking`` attribute.

Link validation
***************

> When you save an Email, Mautic checks every link it contains. If a link contains a malformed ``href``, such as ``://example.com``, Mautic blocks the save and shows an error such as 'The email contains an invalid URL: ://example.com'. This stops broken links from going out and interrupting the send. To save the Email, fix the link so its ``href`` is a valid, absolute URL (starting with ``http://`` or ``https://``), a ``mailto:`` link, or a Mautic token such as ``{unsubscribe_url}``.

Author: PR #16256 added a class-level `ValidEmailLinks` constraint (`app/bundles/EmailBundle/Validator/ValidEmailLinks.php` and `ValidEmailLinksValidator.php`) that blocks saving an Email whose `customHtml` (or builder `content`) contains a malformed link `href`. The error text 'The email contains an invalid URL: %url%' comes from the new `mautic.email.links.invalid` key in `app/bundles/EmailBundle/Translations/en_US/validators.ini`, and `ValidEmailLinksValidator` accepts valid absolute URLs, `mailto:` links, and Mautic tokens like `{unsubscribe_url}` (via `UrlHelper::isValidUrl` and its token regex).

Source: https://github.com/mautic/mautic/pull/16256

> When you save an Email, Mautic checks every link it contains. If a link contains a malformed ``href``, such as ``://example.com``, Mautic blocks the save and shows an error such as 'The email contains an invalid URL: ://example.com'. This stops broken links from going out and interrupting the send. To save the Email, fix the link so its ``href`` is a valid, absolute URL (starting with ``http://`` or ``https://``), a ``mailto:`` link, or a Mautic token such as ``{unsubscribe_url}``.

Reviewer: There are a couple of things:

- The word 'email' in 'The email contains an invalid URL: ://example.com' is generic. So, we can wrap this in vale off/on statements.
- Avoid using parantheses.
- The "interrupting the send" sounds slightly awkward. We can reword to "disrupting email delivery"

```suggestion
.. vale off

When you save an Email, Mautic checks every link it contains. If a link contains a malformed ``href``, such as ``://example.com``, Mautic blocks the save and shows an error such as 'The email contains an invalid URL: ://example.com'. This stops broken links from going out and disrupting email delivery. To save the Email, fix the link so its ``href`` is a valid, absolute URL that starts with ``http://`` or ``https://``, a ``mailto:`` link, or a Mautic token such as ``{unsubscribe_url}``.

.. vale on
```
